docs: refactor work, combines time-series topics (#53530)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/visualizations/time-series/index.md

  - /docs/grafana/latest/panels/visualizations/time-series/graph-color-scheme/
  - /docs/grafana/latest/visualizations/time-series/graph-color-scheme/
  - /docs/grafana/latest/panels/visualizations/time-series/graph-time-series-as-bars/
  - /docs/grafana/latest/visualizations/time-series/graph-time-series-as-bars/
  - /docs/grafana/latest/panels/visualizations/time-series/graph-time-series-as-lines/
  - /docs/grafana/latest/visualizations/time-series/graph-time-series-as-lines/
  - /docs/grafana/latest/panels/visualizations/time-series/graph-time-series-as-points/
  - /docs/grafana/latest/visualizations/time-series/graph-time-series-as-points/
  - /docs/grafana/latest/features/panels/histogram/
  - /docs/grafana/latest/panels/visualizations/time-series/graph-time-series-stacking/
  - /docs/grafana/latest/visualizations/time-series/graph-time-series-stacking/
keywords:
  - grafana
  - graph panel
  - time series panel
  - documentation
  - guide
  - graph
title: Time series
weight: 1200
---

# Time series

{{< figure src="/static/img/docs/time-series-panel/time_series_small_example.png" max-width="1200px" caption="Time series" >}}

> Time series visualization is the default and primary way to visualize time series data. It can render as a line, a path of dots, or a series of bars. Time series visualizations are versatile enough to display almost any time-series data. [This public demo dashboard](https://play.grafana.org/d/000000016/1-time-series-graphs?orgId=1) contains many different examples for how time series visualizations can be configured and styled.
> 
> > **Note:** You can migrate Graph panel visualizations to Time series visualizations. To migrate, open the panel and select the **Time series** visualization. Grafana transfers all applicable settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The time series visualization type is the default and primary way to visualize time series data in a graph. It can render series as lines, points, or bars. It is versatile enough to display almost any time-series data. [This public demo dashboard](https://play.grafana.org/d/000000016/1-time-series-graphs?orgId=1) contains many different examples of how it can be configured and styled.

> **Note:** You can migrate from the old Graph visualization to the new Time series visualization. To migrate, open the panel and click the "Migrate" button in the side pane.
```

`Time series visualization` is a bit of a long name to repeat, (and at one place it is in plural where it should be singular)

![Connect null values option](http://localhost:3002/static/img/docs/time-series-panel/connect-null-values-option-v9.png)

- **Never:** Time series data points with gaps in the the data are never connected.
- **Always:** Time series data points with gaps in the the data are always connected.
- **Threshold:** Specify a threshold above which gaps in the data are no longer connected. This can be useful when the connected gaps in the data are of a known size and/or within a known range, and gaps outside this range should no longer be connected.

### Stack series

_Stacking_ allows Grafana to display series on top of each other. Be cautious when using stacking in the visualization as it can easily create misleading graphs. To read more about why stacking might not be the best approach, refer to [Stacked Area Graphs Are Not Your Friend](https://everydayanalytics.ca/2014/08/stacked-area-graphs-are-not-your-friend.html).

![Stack option](http://localhost:3002/static/img/docs/time-series-panel/stack-option-v9.png)

> - **Off:** Turns off series stacking. When **Off**, a series shares the same space in the visualization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Off:** Turns off series stacking. When **Off**, all series shares the same space in the visualization.
```
